TurnTable

TurnTable creates and manages multiple rotated copies of a page, allowing
players to have different views of the page (e.g. one player viewing each side
of a chess board).  Once pages are linked together, token movements are
automatically synchronized.

It is recommended that this script be used in conjunction with the CommandShell
module, which will improve output formatting and command discovery.


Commands:

All TurnTable commands are accessed via the "turntable" command, which provides
the following subcommands:

    !turntable help [COMMAND]
	Display a help message.  If COMMAND is specified, the help message will
	detail the usage of the specified subcommand.  Otherwise, the help
	message will summarize all available subcommands

    !turntable spin N
	NOTE: This subcommand is not yet supported.  It relies on API support
	for creating pages, which does not exist yet.
	Creates N-1 copies of a page, each rotated by 360/N degrees.  The pages
	are automatically linked together.  Page can be specified using the
	following options:
	    -p P, --page P	ID or name (must be unique) of page to spin
	    -P, --playerpage	Spin page with player ribbon
	If no page is specified, the page containing the selected token will be
	spun.  If no token is selected, the page with the player ribbon will be
	spun.

    !turntable link [PAGE 1] ... [PAGE N]
	Links two or more pages together as rotated views of a single page.
	Pages may be specified by ID or name (name must be unique), or using the
	following options:
	    -P, --playerpage	Include page with player ribbon
	    -S, --selectedpage	Include page containing selected token
	    -a NAME, --all NAME	Include all pages with the specified name

    !turntable unlink [PAGE]
	Removes group of linked pages containing the specified page.  Page may
	be specified by ID or name (name must be unique), or using the following
	option:
	    -P, --playerpage	Unlink group containing page with player ribbon
	If no page is specified, the group containing the page containing
	the selected token will be unlinked.  If no token is selected, the group
	containing the page with the player ribbon will be unlinked.

    !turntable sync [PAGE]
	Synchronizes the pages linked to the specified page (using the specified
	page as the master).  Page may be specified by ID or name (name must be
	unique), or using the following option:
	    -P, --playerpage	Synchronize pages linked to page with player
				ribbon
	If no page is specified, the page containing the selected token will be
	used as master.  If no token is selected, the page with the player
	ribbon will be used as master.
